No way, man.
I'm not getting involved in crime and--
What fucking crime?
It's practically legal, damn it.
The gray market of cargo
is where it's at, pilot.
We get in, make some serious cash,
and then get the fuck out.
I knew it was shady shit!
Do you have any idea
how fucking risky this is?
You can feel their speed
through your screen!
The whole pack's on the final stretch
to complete another lap.
They're all bunched together.
What a fiercely contested BR Truck season.
OVERHAUL
6 MONTHS EARLIER
Roger's on the offensive!
Just like that, he overtakes Huggo.
Roger, straight line ahead.
Mind the radar, limit's 160 kph.
Shit!
157 KPH
Take it easy, you're still in third.
Not for long.
We'll see.
If you win, beer's on me tonight.
Roger's right behind Andreas and Paccioli.
They're close together.
It's three wide on the back straightaway.
Roger comes in hot to make the pass!
Nice!
All right!
You owe me a beer.
It's not over yet.
The Queen is coming for you.
Dad, the turbo's overheating.
Don't push it. Just let her through.
Fuck, she's overtaken me!
I told you. Now relax.
You can't catch her anymore.
Afraid you'll owe me a beer?
Forget the beer. You'll wreck the truck.
I know my truck. It can handle it.
I know it better.
Wanna bet?
-It's a bet.
-Dad!
He might pull it off. Wait.
He might, but his truck won't.
I'm falling behind! I'll go for it.
Roger's turbo has blown up again!
With Roger Mattos out,
Débora the Queen
is coming for another win!
Fuck.
We just got this fixed, Roger.
-This truck sucks.
-Only 'cause you keep pushing it.
It's busted.
The Queen is ready
to celebrate another win!
Four races, four wins,
and a commanding lead in the championship.
She's so amazing!
Hey, come over here.
She's the best.
Let's take a picture with her.
Great race. I was rooting for you.
That's awesome!
Hey.
Is that your daughter?
Nope. That's Danilo's daughter.
He's my best friend.
What's up?
My kid's a big fan of hers, too.
-She was trying to get a pic.
-Oh, yeah?
Did you get it?
-Yup.
-Really?
-I'm Afonso. Big fan.
-Nice to meet you.
I appreciate it.
Can we take a picture?
Sure, let's do it.
Can we take it in front of your truck?
C'mon.
This is the man, Jorge.
Be right back, baby. Wait for me.
-What's up, my Queen!
-She's not yours.
What's up, Roger?
Aren't you gonna offer me one?
I'm just chilling,
minding my own, in peace.
Great mood.
I take it you know the reason.
Roger, I came to congratulate you.
I'm serious.
You had an amazing race.
When you overtook me…
Even I didn't know if I'd manage to--
But you did.
Débora, why are you here?
To make fun of me? Is that it?
I got my hopes up, but…
I guess you still don't get it.
Spoiled brat.
-What was that?
-Spoiled brat!
-You're still a spoiled brat!
-Like hell I am!
I've been working since I was 14.
Really?
Where? On your daddy's racing team?
Grow up, Roger. Then you can talk to me.
Do you think you can complain?
I have a daughter, Roger.
School, computer classes,
English lessons. A whole lot of shit.
If only I had someone to share the bills.
But I'm all Bárbara's got.
That's why we need to get back on top.
We need a competitive truck
that won't screw me over on the last lap.
Talk to your dad yet?
Shit, not yet, Danilo.
Still figuring out how to bring it up.
You know how my old man is.
Yeah, damn…
Listen, man. One thing is for sure.
Once we have the money to fix the turbo,
that championship is mine.
-I don't know, Roger.
-What do you mean, Danilo?
My old man just needs
to invest more in the team.
My point exactly.
What if he stops helping you?
-Doesn't matter.
-It does.
It changes everything and you know it.
What's the point of having these rides
if they can't drive?
Let's see how the car is
after your fuck-up.
It got fucked up
after you tampered with it.
Sure, Roger. Yeah, thanks a lot.
Hey, trucker!
Fuck, these guys won't give up.
-Can this junk race?
-Not against you.
C'mon, the streets are clear.
Or can you only drive trucks?
-Say hi to your daughter for me.
-What was that, motherfucker?
-We'd totally catch them if I was driving.
-Oh yeah?
Shit, Danilo!
Be thankful I'm retired.
I'd put you to shame.
Sure, Danilo. Try your luck.
Step on it!
Straight line. Let's get them.
Damn it!
-Holy fuck.
-You okay?
-Yeah, but now what?
-Let's switch seats.
-Are you insane?
-Just do it.
We've been drinking, this is my car,
and I won't let you take the fall. C'mon!
You coward!
RIO DE JANEIRO PD
183RD PRECINCT
I wasn't the one who crashed the car.
I switched places with Danilo.
You know how the cops
are really fucking nice to Black people.
-Fuck him.
-C'mon, he has a daughter to raise.
You're ruining the racing team I built.
A team that's falling apart.
What was that, you brat? What was that?
It fucking is, though.
And don't call me a brat!
That's what you are.
You don't know a thing about life, Roger.
You've still got
so much learning and growing to do.
How can I grow in this shitty team?
I should just join a real team.
You go ahead, son.
But I'll tell you what.
You're nothing without me.
You aren't shit!
You think you're the shit,
but you're fucking useless!
-You're finally going to realize it.
-We'll see who's fucking right.
Out. Get out of my car.
You'll see!
I'm gonna win, and you'll regret
everything you've just said!
-Go fuck yourself!
-You'll regret this!
Fuck you, Roger! You'll fuck it all up!
You little piece of shit!
Dad!
For the love of God, talk to me.
Talk to me, Dad!
Dad!
Help!
Someone help!
Ready? One, two, three… I'm coming!
Go hide, son.
I'm so proud of you.
I think you'll be a champion one day.
I know it. You're killing it.
Historical race for BR Truck.
Mario Mattos
gets his son Roger in the truck.
Father and son together on the circuit.
That's BR Truck history
being written right there.
Mario Mattos is the champion!
He gets the checkered flag.
Better get a bigger shelf for that trophy!
Mario Mattos,
three-time BR Truck champion!
Can I get you some water? Or coffee?
So, Roger, here's the thing.
The shop is going bankrupt.
That's why your father
was always so tense.
God dammit.
Your father owed a lot of money.
But mostly to companies.
The only exception is Odilon.
Odilon?
What are you doing?
Wanna blow yourself up with the truck?
This won't bring your father back.
It has to be replaced.
It's unsalvageable.
Can't you just jerry-rig it?
Nope. If it breaks again, it's on me.
-And it's expensive.
-Of course it is.
Why don't you talk to Odilon?
-About what?
-The turbo.
I won't deal with Odilon.
I'll figure it out.
I'll talk to the sponsors.
-I'll go after Toledo.
-Cool.
What's up, Toledo?
Roger!
Get him a shot too.
This one is special. Extremely rare.
To this extraordinary championship.
To the future!
And only God knows about it!
Toledo, nice running into you.
I wanted to talk--
We want to talk to you, too.
We've made a decision--
We've also made a decision, you know.
Good.
Very good.
Roger,
you know we really admire BR Truck.
But with this crisis…
As you know, our country
is going through a rough patch.
What are you talking about?
We are ending your sponsorship.
We can't do this.
No. This isn't happening.
Thanks.
How's it going, Roger?
All good, man?
What is it?
-Do I know you?
-No, I was sent by Odilon.
You father was late on his payment.
Old man kept dodging us.
Show some respect
when talking about my father.
You show respect by paying his debts
and finishing what he started, got it?
I wasn't involved in his business.
Then just pay his debts, bro.
Or his business will come to you,
whether you want it or not.
You heard me.
Damn, kid.
Forgot how to slow down for the curve?
Danilo warned me,
but I tried something different.
If the coach is the problem,
we'll hire another.
That's not it.
It's okay.
Then why aren't you winning?
I don't know. The equipment…
The team's feeling uneasy.
Look, I'll invest more.
I just need to organize, but I'll do it.
The thing is…
the shop's not doing great.
Are you in debt?
How much?
Go race, Roger.
This is not your problem. Forget it.
I can deal with my problems on my own.
On your own?
Or with the help of that damn mobster?
Roger, Odilon is not a bad man.
He's just eccentric.
He's basically a 1970s gangster.
Son, you have to understand
that when you're out of options,
when you're fucked,
Odilon is the only way out.
It's Roger.
Afternoon, sir.
Your whiskey, sir.
Thank you, Jordan.
That's all.
But Roger…
Did your father leave you anything else?
I mean, in terms of possessions.
A debt-ridden shop.
Perhaps you could give it to me
to pay off some of the debt.
-Come again? "Some" of it?
-It wouldn't cover the whole thing.
But you could pay off the rest
in installments.
Shit, Odilon.
C'mon, you know I have a team to run.
You know the cost of that.
I do. And that's why I think it's time
you start making some cash on the side.
If you know what I mean.
I'm a racing driver.
I don't know how to do much else.
Oh, you'd be driving.
You'd be driving for a business
I had with your father.
You'd earn a lot more
and wouldn't be tied
to those cheap-ass sponsors.
Come on… No way.
I'm not getting involved in crime and--
What fucking crime?
Are you calling me a crook, Roger? Fuck!
It's the gray market of cargo.
It's practically legal, damn it.
If you came all this way,
you knew very well
what you were getting into.
I don't know, Odilon.
I'm not used to this stuff.
You'll learn.
I'll put you in touch
with my associate, Smokey.
You can decide then.
What's up, my man? Make yourself at home.
Turn it down, man.
So nice to meet you. I mean it.
Odilon's always talking about you.
The gray market of cargo
is where it's at, pilot.
The goods already have a destination.
It's a sure thing,
with a destination and a buyer.
And after the stuff
is distributed in the city,
we're clean as a whistle.
And when all is said and done,
insurance covers it.
So it's barely illegal, basically.
But hear me out, Smokey…
I'm just the wheelman.
It's the only thing I can do well.
Sure, and that's exactly what we need.
Sick and tired of losing money
'cause of some useless clowns.
But I can see you're a solid guy.
All you need now
is a co-pilot you can trust, got it?
Insurance covers everything.
It's barely illegal.
-Sure, Roger…
-I have to do it.
Can't have everyone getting fired.
All these jobs.
I can't pay Odilon otherwise.
I have to do it.
-You're not thinking straight.
-And you are?
-Yup.
-What about Bárbara?
What about her, Roger?
Danilo, the season is underway.
If I go broke, what happens to your job?
I found the part.
Yo, Fox. Take a breather, okay?
We're in the middle of something.
Sure thing.
Think about it.
We get in, make a bunch of money,
put some of it here in the team.
We grow, we attract new sponsors.
Then we get the fuck out.
Man…
It's just for a while.
If you don't like what they have to say,
we don't do it.
But let's hear them out, okay?
Roger, we need to--
I'll go grab it.
Hey.
My condolences on your father's passing.
-If you need something or someone to talk…
-Thanks.
-I'm not just saying that.
-I know, Débora.
Thanks for offering to help.
I just don't know if I can be helped.
Sorry.
We oversee things from here.
We usually have you
share your live location
so we can keep track of you.
We own all the phones and the cargo.
It's all clean.
No illegal shit.
-Am I right, Sketch?
-Sure thing, boss.
This is Sketch, my right-hand man.
He distributes our goods.
Only the best stuff.
We only deal with high-value cargo.
We leave meat and stuff to amateurs.
We like working with electronics.
Smartphones, computers, tablets.
You know how much we get
for a truckful of phones?
Here's the thing.
We need to be smooth,
know what I'm saying?
Once we get to the storage,
we need time to disassemble it.
Here's the catch.
Every high-value cargo truck
has a safety device in the driver's cab.
When triggered, everything locks
and we can forget taking the cargo.
Our goal is to make the driver pull over
and leave the cab
without setting off the device.
The best way to do so is by talking.
No violence.
We don't want any blood, after all.
Only sometimes, right, boss?
Shut the fuck up, Sketch.
This is serious shit. Show some respect.
-Grease the driver's palm before leaving…
-For me?
…so he doesn't warn the insurer
right away.
It's a win-win situation, you know?
Once behind the wheels, shit gets serious.
Every piece of cargo is tracked,
so the cops are bound
to show up eventually.
-Shit, Danilo! Checkpoint!
-Turn right, Roger!
You have a 15-minute window
to reach the unloading site
without getting caught.
That's where your skills come in.
You need steady hands and quick reflexes.
The routes are winding and time is short.
We've lost tons of cargo
because of lousy drivers
who let the truck flip over
and lost everything.
Fuck-ups are better off dead.
If you manage to take the cargo
all the way to the destination,
then you did a--
Good job, you two!
Well done. Flawless execution.
-Want some?
-I'm good.
I'd rather have thighs today.
Yo, man.
Hold this.
Just like you two, I'm a man of my word.
Isn't that what you wanted?
I'd invite you both in, but it's tight.
You won't fit.
Now it'll be good to go.
I'll set it up.
Are you gonna help me or what?
Good luck with that.
All right, Roger.
We need to make it in 1:51.451.
That's the pole position time.
It's up to you, bro. You can do it!
It seems like the tweak worked.
Split time: 1:18.130.
What's wrong, Roger? C'mon!
I got this, Danilo.
Let me see.
Your lap time is 1:50.530.
Good job! You've got pole!
We're doing it! Good job today.
Hey, we need to remove that shit.
Toledo's dropped us.
-You got it, boss.
-Well done, kid.
-Off to work, you guys.
-Let's do it.
You do great
when you're all by yourself, huh?
I'll finish first all by myself too,
Débora.
You made good time.
But guess who holds the record
for this circuit?
Were you watching my practice?
Yup.
You looked confident today.
I have a feeling things might look up.
Of course they might.
You got what it takes to come in second.
-We'll see about that in the next race.
-Okay, then.
Just don't stray too far.
I wanna be able to see you.
I told you it was gonna work out.
I'm not sure this is the life I want.
I don't wanna get arrested.
Do you really think the cops can catch you
with their shitty cars?
You're a racing driver!
That's my point.
I'm a racing driver, not a criminal.
So you-- Ouch!
Fuck, Jordan.
Trim the nails, not the fucking toes.
Do you think the insurance company
calls the cops through that device?
Hey, if it turns on,
it can be turned off, right?
Meaning?
I have an inside guy.
He can help us with that. Trust me.
-Hey.
-What's up?
Souza's a business partner.
Some things can only be managed
in the middle of the night.
Certainly. We're glad to work
after hours for a client like you.
Let me walk you through
exactly how it works.
As for turning it off… That's on you.
Got any ideas on avoiding arrest, Danilo?
We jump ship.
Come on, man.
We've got two different problems.
The immobilizer system in the cab
that locks the wheels,
and the GPS that's inside the trailer.
To deal with the first problem,
we have to uncouple the trailer.
First we cut the Suzi coil
between the cab and the trailer.
This should force the driver to pull over.
Won't he just lock it all up
then and there?
Yeah, but don't worry.
I have something to uncouple the trailer.
Check out our new gear.
-Did you build it yourself?
-I modded it.
Attaboy.
Pull!
Go ahead!
Come on!
And how do we stop the container
from being tracked?
That's why I brought this thing.
It's an all-purpose signal jammer.
-It's called a deflector.
-A what?
A deflector, man. All we have to do
is attach it to the container,
and the signal is blocked.
Then we can drive it around
without being tracked.
Now you're talking!
Roger's first victory is ever so close!
SHARE LOCATION
Here it is, Smokey.
INCOMING CALL
SMOKEY
Roger's on a roll here!
He's coming in fast!
Fuck yeah!
You've got to give it to Roger
for the great job his team's been doing.
Shut the fucking door, dude.
Grilling lemon, Danilo?
-It's just for seasoning.
-Let me taste it.
So?
You're the man.
-Hey, Danilo.
-Good job, man.
Thanks, dude. We've got this.
-Congrats!
-Thank you.
-Roger, can we take a selfie?
-Sure.
-Thanks, bud.
-Thanks.
What's up?
You did good today.
Thank you.
You sure are on a high.
-Yeah.
-Right?
I sold my dad's shop.
Gotcha.
Was it in dollars?
Seriously, Débora?
No, for real.
You got rid of that junk shop
and renovated
your whole team from scratch?
-Don't I deserve to catch a break?
-"Catch a break," Roger?
You've got no sponsors,
and I know how costly this whole thing is.
-Look at your uniforms!
-What are you trying to suggest?
Weren't we getting along just fine?
Why pull this now?
Precisely so that we can continue
to get along just fine.
What's going on?
Things are going my way
for the first time in my life, is all.
Is that right?
In an honest way?
-Was she picking a fight?
-She sure was.
She was all up my ass,
questioning our upgrade.
Yeah, about that, man…
I think we're done.
What do you mean?
We said we'd be in and out.
It's time to get out, right?
You're right, man.
Next one is our last run.
We make one last killing and…
we're out for good.
Right when I came up with a way
to pull off the heist
with the truck in motion.
No stopping the driver,
no locking the cab.
All we need is the right terrain.
Get real close to the cab.
Okay, keep it steady!
Get closer.
Off I go!
Holy shit! Fuck!
Danilo? Everything okay?
It's not fucking working!
Roger!
Come after me! It's not fucking working!
Hurry the fuck up, Roger!
Fuck!
Holy fucking shit!
Here!
Right here.
Closer! Jesus fuck, come closer!
Come on, Roger, fuck!
Holy shit, Roger!
Now, come on! Fucking hell!
Perfect, man!
Go, go, go!
Now!
Yeah! Holy fucking shit! I made it!
I made it alive, Roger!
-You just--
-Danilo!
Turn the jammer on and let's go.
Fuck, that was messy.
-Hurry up.
-Let's go.
Holy fuck, Roger.
I thought I was gonna bite the dust.
Damn.
Danilo. Fuck, there's a checkpoint.
I'm pulling over.
Are you crazy? I don't wanna go to jail!
-Just go!
-What should I do?
Run it over, Roger! Do it!
Don't dodge them!
Danilo? Are you all right?
Danilo.
Fuck, bro. You've been shot.
What the hell?
Danilo!
Danilo, fuck!
-Talk to me.
-Fuck, Bárbara…
Hey, hey! Danilo!
Keep talking to me! Keep talking!
Danilo, stay with me.
We'll get to the hospital.
Just keep talking!
Danilo!
Hang tight, Danilo!
No! Fuck!
No!
Danilo, talk to me!
Danilo!
I'm sorry for your loss, pilot.
Bring him here, we'll take care of it.
REST IN PEACE
FROM YOUR MR10 FRIENDS
Are you hungry?
I don't know, Roger.
You're safe. I've got your back.
I can't do this, I have a daughter.
I'm all Bárbara's got. Can't risk it.
Trust me, man.
Trust me.
How's school going?
I'm on vacation.
Bárbara,
I can't sleep on the couch forever.
Just go and leave me, then.
How would I just leave you, girl?
You're just a kid. You're 14.
You know you can't live alone.
So? What are you gonna do?
The right thing to do
would be to go to social services.
If you do that,
I'll tell them all you and Dad did.
I'm not dumb. I know what you were doing.
Bárbara, keeping you here illegally
is a crime, too.
I could always go live with my grandma.
Grandma?
Yeah. My mom's mom.
She hated my dad's guts.
We lost touch after Mom passed away.
She lived somewhere in the suburbs.
I don't know where she is now.
But this is great news!
We can track down
a family friend or a relative.
Let's find someone.
I'll look her up on Facebook.
It's the one social network
every old person uses.
Great.
But I'm not going to a foster home
until we find her.
Unfortunately, we can't stay here.
Is this where you live?
Yeah. This is not gonna do either.
Make yourself at home.
Do you want to check the fridge?
Watch some TV?
Where's my room?
Roger?
-Oh, congratulations!
-Hey, Toledo.
No one ever doubted your talents.
Except you never had the results
to back it up, the numbers.
Now you do.
I thought you said the problem
was our country's economy and--
Roger, we've won every year
ever since this category was created.
We're not letting that go.
And we want you back.
No hard feelings?
No hard feelings.
Hey, Bárbara!
Wanna play?
INCOMING CALL
SMOKEY
-Wanna pause?
-No.
I'll get that later.
I have a meeting with a new coach.
To replace Dad?
Your dad can't be replaced, Bárbara.
I'll meet him this weekend.
Wanna come along?
You can stay in the pit.
With your dad's headset.
Sure.
Your friend's calling again.
SMOKEY
NEED YOU
It's about to start!
From now on, it's pedal to the metal.
The red light goes off!
How's the grid, new guy?
Débora had a bad start. Don't worry.
On your first two laps,
you matched your qualifying time.
Watch out, the Queen's about to strike.
Step on it!
She's hot on Roger's heels!
The real fight of the season
right on your screen.
What's the telemetry, Gaúcho?
Water's under 120 °C. Step on it.
Are you sure the engine can take it?
It's looking good. Go for it, hit the gas.
The truck feels clunky.
Oil pressure's too high. It won't make it.
What do I do?
Don't push it too much!
Roger, turn the water on.
Truck's overheating, that's why--
Bárbara, don't disturb him!
Don't talk over each other, god dammit!
And wake up, newbie!
Are you sleeping over there?
Let her pass you in the fast section.
Save some juice for the slow section.
Are you crazy?
I'm not letting anybody overtake me!
Let her through.
You'll out-drive her
in the low-speed section.
Are you crazy? No way!
She'll pass you anyway.
May as well cool off your truck.
Straight line,
and the Queen's gonna pounce!
She's pulled alongside him.
Débora takes a good lead!
What a huge mistake.
He'll never reach her now.
That was an easy pass to put her in first.
Roger lags behind.
Roger, now turn the water off
or you'll run dry.
Trust me, Roger.
Time to go get her.
Roger's on his way
and he's giving his all!
You can do it!
Roger retakes the lead!
They're in the final stretch!
Roger Mattos gets the checkered flag!
He takes yet another win.
Celebrate away, Roger Mattos!
We're almost taking the lead, huh?
Thank you, kiddo. She's the best!
You killed it.
Phenomenal, champ! You deserve it!
Wait, who--
Let's make a line here, shall we?
Get your head in the game, newbie.
Where's that motherfucker?
Hell yeah, Roger!
So this is your hideout?
-Come here.
-Hey, Odilon.
You made me come all this way
to congratulate you, you rascal.
Now, uh…
Come here, I need to talk to you.
Excuse me.
Smokey mentioned he's been calling you,
but you won't pick up.
Is that true?
I've been busy. I haven't had the time.
I couldn't… I was busy.
Were you, now?
You've got to be kidding me.
This is serious business, Roger.
Listen to what I'm telling you.
Don't fuck around with Smokey. Okay?
-Okay. I'll see what I can do.
-You do that.
I'll get back to him.
I've been working on some stuff and--
-I trust you, Roger.
-I promise I'll talk to him.
But don't mess up again.
I can only cover your ass so much.
Jordan.
She looks way too young
to be your grandma.
-Check out the one below.
-She doesn't even look like me.
Well, I'll hit the shower
before the pizza gets here.
-Call me if you need anything.
-Fine.
Bárbara…
We need to find your grandma soon.
I'm on it. I'll keep combing
through Facebook to find her.
-This is very important!
-Okay.
Be right back.
Pizza's here!
Yo. What's up? Is Roger home?
Yeah. Roger?
Why did you stop
picking up the damn phone?
-Bárbara, go to your room.
-You ain't sharing a room?
Show her some respect!
C'mon, try me and see what happens.
So brave with a gun in your hand.
Drop that shit, Sketch.
I ain't here to make a fuss, Baby Driver.
I'm here to make sure
you meet your end of the deal.
I'll talk to Smokey.
I know you will.
I'm here to make sure of it.
That's right. License plate DQH-7654,
from Rio de Janeiro.
Do a full search.
Yeah, I'll stay on his trail.
What's good, homie?
You cool? How's the hood?
-It's clear.
-All good?
Damn straight, fam.
'Sup.
Peace.
Here's your man, boss.
Hello there, pilot.
So, Roger,
you really let it go to your head, huh?
I had a lot on my mind lately.
Roger, I watch all your races.
I really root for you.
I'm a true supporter and all.
But c'mon.
It's kinda fucked up of you
to leave us hanging when a job comes.
I wasn't aware there'd been a job, Smokey.
Fuck, bro, we called you nonstop.
You don't pick up your phone.
I mean, fuck.
Your phone won't pick itself up.
It came up out of nowhere.
It was a nice job, you know? Easy-peasy.
A fucking awesome job,
but we missed our chance.
I have nothing to do with that.
I'm just the driver, remember?
Except that I paid for the intel
and it went to waste.
-It was money down the drain.
-I want out, man.
I'm not cut out for this.
I don't want to end up like Danilo.
Fuck…
I've got sponsors again.
What's that, bro?
My sponsors are back.
And what's this?
Why the long face, my man?
Now that you have sponsors
you don't need us anymore, huh?
You're all set, you're rich!
Don't forget your friends, homie.
All right, Mr. Roger. Go on, then.
But hey, Smokey never forgets,
you hear me?
Is everything okay?
I knew you were doing shady shit!
The shop was already in too deep
when I inherited it.
Oh really, Roger?
That was the only chance I had
to get back on my feet.
To get money for the team.
Do you have any idea
how fucking risky that was?
Of course.
Of course I do. But it's over now, Débora.
I'll focus on Bárbara now.
Oh God, there's Bárbara…
Roger…
What are you going to do?
Are you sticking around for her?
I don't have the stability
to care for her.
But we're looking for her grandma.
Where has she been all along?
Well…
That's what I'm doing.
I'm trying to track her family down.
It's all I'm gonna do from now on.
I'm trying to change.
Fine.
And your grandma?
I just found a cousin here.
A cousin?
A cousin of sorts.
A potential cousin.
He has grandma's last name.
But his profile is private,
so I sent him a friend request and a DM.
Bárbara, it's past your bedtime.
-Off you go.
-Okay.
Good night.
Night.
DUPLICATE CERTIFICATE
BIRTH - MARRIAGE - DEATH
REGISTRY OFFICES AROUND ME
TRUCK RACING DRIVERS
WHAT A TRAGEDY
UNBELIEVABLE
SMOKEY
Hello?
-Hey there, pilot!
-Did you fucking kill Toledo?
Rio is a dangerous place.
Gotta be careful.
Now, listen.
Sketch is on his way, be ready.
It's an easy gig in Três Rios.
We'll be back in no time. Deal?
I knew it!
I'll assemble the team.
Let me know if anything comes up.
Let's do this.
It's an easy gig in Três Rios.
-It's that one, all right?
-I'll go after it like a hungry pit bull.
Get out of there right now!
Hurry the fuck up!
Don't look at me. Move!
-We gotta go now!
-All right.
-Let's take this.
-What about this one?
The boys will drive it. Hey, c'mon!
No need to switch cabs.
I'll go with Roger.
Let's go!
We were supposed to switch cabs.
Chill. I blocked the signal, we're good.
It's how Danilo used to do it.
Danilo ain't here.
Stop being a wuss and drive.
'Sup, boss? Tell us.
We're fucked. Beat it!
The cops are after you.
What?
The pigs, pilot. They're right behind you.
-You gotta disappear.
-Disappear where?
Ditch this fucking cargo.
Ditch it where, Sketch?
Gun it, come on!
-Take the next right!
-Hold on!
We're next to the Morro da Cotia.
Let's lay low there with my homies.
-Where the fuck is it?
-We're almost there!
Just floor it or we're done, man!
Yo, the pigs are coming.
-Let them through.
-Smoke them.
That's my boy Smokey's turf!
Good morning, fam!
Those thugs took the cargo
deep in the hood.
Do we hold them, boss?
C'mon, c'mon!
Go, go, go!
We've got some action.
Look out!
Go, go, go!
Fuck!
Up there!
Motherfucker!
Shit!
Fuck! Hey!
Place is too hot! Fall back!
Let's go!
Get the hell out of here!
Go!
Hurry! Help us out!
C'mon, y'all! Help us!
C'mon! Help me out, bro.
A little gift from Smokey
to the neighborhood! Yo.
Sketch! You think the cops won't come?
You think they'll roll through the hood
over a bunch of tablets?
No fucking way! Here, pick it up.
I wonder who the fuck called them up.
Bro, you saw me use the jammer
just like you told me to.
Someone must've tipped them off.
Hey! No fighting, homies!
Wait, I'll hand it over.
There you go! Why fight?
There's enough for everyone!
Did the goods have a tracker?
No way, man.
Why didn't you switch cabs?
Huh?
What, have you gone soft now, Sketch?
-Too lazy to do your job?
-Yo, boss. We don't even know if--
Shit, there's no need to--
Don't you mess with me either,
you motherfucker.
You ain't no fucking rat, are you?
You calling me a rat?
-You still owe me.
-But that was my last job.
-I got nothing from it!
-I'm fucking out.
-Like hell you are!
-I'm done with this shit.
If you wanna kill me, do it.
I've got nothing to lose.
And that's all on you!
Because you're a brat.
You're being one right now.
Fuck this, I'm out.
No. Let him go.
Let him go. There he goes!
Fine.
Leaving me high and dry, huh?
Fucking fine.
-Should we do him in, boss?
-Not yet.
Bitch-ass clown.
-Fox, check the suspension.
-You got it.
-The back's pulling too much.
-I'll take a look.
I'll leave it in your hands.
Let's do it, boys.
What's up, Afonso?
-Cheering me on during practice?
-Amazing practice, man.
-Thanks.
-Can we talk for a bit?
Not right now, man. Maybe after--
I'm afraid right now will have to do.
-I swear I have nothing to do with it.
-I have it all on tape.
If I wanted to arrest you, I could.
-But I don't want to.
-What do you want, then?
I want everyone.
Gotta catch Smokey and Odilon in the act
so that no slimy lawyer can bail them out.
Fuck, Afonso.
I can't do that.
I've got too much to lose.
What if I took you in right now?
Think about it, Roger.
I like you, I know you're a little fish,
but you gotta help me help you.
Bárbara, we need to talk.
-In a minute.
-Not in a minute. Right now.
What's wrong?
I just got back from the registry office.
I know you're lying, Bárbara.
-Both your grandmothers are dead.
-They are.
Why didn't you tell me the truth?
'Cause I have no one!
Everyone in my life is dead.
Bárbara…
I can't keep you here. That's illegal.
Well, so is stealing trucks.
Bárbara.
Bárbara?
Bárbara!
STILL THINK YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO LOSE?
Fuck.
Roger! Help! They're keeping me in a--
You listening, Roger?
If you don't do as you're told,
this will be the last time
you'll ever hear her voice, all right?
Out of the car! Game over.
-Calm down.
-It's over.
-Move!
-Calm down.
Hey, man.
You're the one in charge in the field.
-I'm the boss, but you--
-Smoke!
Where's the girl, damn it?
What's this?
-Where is she?
-Hold up!
It's my pilot. Calm down!
What the fuck?
Is this how you treat your investors?
Take a chill pill, bro.
You don't just
fucking walk in here like that.
I'll hand the girl over to you, sure.
If you do one last job for me.
-Didn't you say that last time?
-But that one went to shit.
This one's gonna work.
We'll make tons of cash.
I'll even pay you extra.
-I want to talk to Bárbara.
-After the job, sure.
-No, I gotta know that she's okay.
-Come on, man!
Don't you get what's going on?
What do you take me for?
Are you crazy?
First we negotiate,
then you talk to the girl.
What's the deal?
You bring me the cargo,
I bring you the girl. That's it.
What's their truck model?
Container semi-truck.
There'll be a security escort.
-Private company?
-The pigs.
The state's own security "company".
What the fuck, Smoke?
You're robbing the police now?
Well, they rob us every day.
What are we stealing?
-What do you care? You never asked.
-I'm asking now.
Fine, then. Weapons!
Weapons! Okay?
Have you lost your fucking mind?
Stealing guns from the police?
Oh, for fuck's sake!
Do your criminal mastermind shit.
Make this run
and bring this truck back to me.
-No fucking way I'm doing that!
-God dammit! This crap again?
-Fuck!
-I wanna talk to Odilon.
I'll get him right now.
Odilon.
Will you come here, Odilon?
The boy wants to talk to you.
Roger. My boy Roger.
What are you doing here, Odilon?
Making sure you don't shit on my business.
I climbed all the fucking way up here
to personally talk you into this.
-Into stealing weapons?
-Weapons?
No, not weapons.
A fucking arsenal!
All in working order and unregistered.
We're talking 60 or 80 grand per rifle.
It's more money
than you've ever made with a sponsor.
You bring that in and we let the girl go.
What's the plan?
They'll pass through São Paulo.
Yes, early Sunday morning.
Odilon…
-What?
-It's the day of the last race.
That's in Interlagos!
You know it like the back of your hand!
That's why we need you.
And we'll keep the girl
so you don't forget that.
Do this right, and everyone will be happy.
So honor your father
and don't screw up again, all right?
Hello?
It's time. What's it gonna be?
I'll need a cab just like theirs.
And also a mason,
a van, and two armored cars.
What are you measuring?
Stop asking me questions
like we're buddies.
Oh, and phones with working SIM cards.
We ain't gonna read your messages
or delete your photos.
What's up, Vampire?
If this crusty-ass phone doesn't work,
we're gonna come for you.
What do you take us for?
Don't try to pull a fast one on us.
Here, give me that.
We've given you all you've asked for.
Do not disappoint me.
If you lay a finger on Bárbara--
If you want a happy ending, earn it.
They're on the move.
FEDERAL POLICE
Sounds good.
-All good?
-Yeah. I've got them all on radio.
Time for the van.
On it. Yo, GG, do you copy?
GG here, Sketch. Copy.
Send the van in, my brother.
Affirmative. On its way.
HEAVY TRAFFIC ALERT
Holy shit!
Now people will avoid this route
thinking it's jammed.
That's some nerd-ass shit!
Don't forget to share our location
with Smokey.
I'm on it.
What now, Roger?
Now shit gets real.
Nice!
Fuck yeah, bro!
-How does it look, Sketch?
-Wait.
Wait, it's coming now.
Three…
Two…
One…
Now!
Fuck yeah!
Holy shit!
What's there to celebrate?
Go uncouple the container.
Shit. Say no more.
Hurry up, Sketch!
Uncouple this fucking thing!
Sketch!
Step on it, fucker!
-Let's fucking go!
-Go faster!
-This isn't a Ferrari, man.
-They're on our tail!
-We stick to the plan!
-Go faster, damn it!
Shut the fuck up! I know what I'm doing!
I ain't doing time!
If your homies did their job right,
we'll get through.
How the fuck are we getting through that?
We're gonna crash, Roger!
Jesus Christ! Fuck!
Fuck yeah!
Time to switch cabs.
Come on, pull over here.
Tell me where we're headed.
Don't worry, just keep going.
You'll learn soon enough.
What, you don't trust me?
Don't start. We're almost there.
Go through that tunnel.
Go straight ahead.
They're here. There.
Well done, pilot!
Right on!
Come here!
Get down nice and easy.
Don't try anything stupid.
Let's get the grill going for tonight.
Well, you've made it.
-As promised.
-Yeah.
Now you let the girl go.
You're pretty obsessed
with this girl, huh? Shit.
Right now?
Aren't you gonna go pick her up?
Now.
A friend of mine will pick her up.
"A friend."
She's free to go.
-Hi.
-Débora.
They say she's free to go.
I see her. She's here.
Bárbara!
I'm a man of my word.
Congratulations.
What the hell, man?
Ungrateful little fuck.
Get the hell out of my sight.
Scram! Get your ass out of here.
Hell yeah!
-What the hell?
-What's this about, boss?
What the fuck?
Roger, you son of a bitch!
Fuck, he's running away! Stop, Roger!
Fucking stop!
-Fucking asshole!
-Stop right there!
Stop!
Stop! Fucking hell!
-Did they hurt you?
-No.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
-Stop right there!
-Easy.
Fuck that! Hand me the girl!
Freeze! Drop your weapon!
CALLING ODILON
Roger! You okay?
Odilon! Have you heard from Smokey?
Tried to get a hold of him?
Smokey?
Don't pick up if they call you!
Things went south. The cops arrived.
But I got away with the cargo.
Listen, I'm getting away.
I'll fill you in later.
Wait. If you don't call--
He fucking hung up.
This is the location.
Sketch, got a hold of Odilon?
Nothing yet. I'm on my way there.
That's our cargo there. Right there.
-'Sup, boss.
-Hey, Spunk.
-What now?
-I want you to bring him to me.
I want him on his knees.
-You got it.
-Now.
You go ahead. You take point.
Be careful.
Look!
It's his phone!
-He's not picking up.
-Did something go wrong?
It can't be.
UNKNOWN CALLER
Hello?
Hey, it's me.
Roger, are you okay? Where are you?
I'm on your six.
Right behind you.
But not for long.
Thanks, Josué.
The whole pack
barrels down the front straightaway.
The Queen and Roger
are dueling it out in the front row.
The Queen leads the championship,
with Roger in second,
a mere three points behind.
If he wins,
he clinches the title on his own terms.
The Queen is pulling ahead,
cementing herself in first place.
They are neck-in-neck in the Senna S,
as Roger keeps looking for a breach.
Easy, Roger. Try an inside pass.
Not outside, inside!
She's gonna brake!
Roger's making a move on the outside.
The Queen sticks to the inside,
takes the racing line.
-He'll have to brake hard!
-Fuck!
Oh no, Roger! Not like that!
Shit!
Roger skids off the track.
Fuck!
Relax, boss.
As soon as the truck is here,
we'll tow the container.
"Relax" my ass.
We have to move this shit stat.
Something feels off.
-Freeze, motherfuckers!
-Fuck!
-It's over, Bárbara!
-Go, Roger! There's still time.
-The front pack has already pulled away.
-Stop moaning.
I bet you can make up for it
in under ten laps.
Let's fucking go.
Let's go!
Given Roger's current situation,
he'll have to go full throttle.
He'll have to gain numerous positions,
or pray that the title contenders
face mechanical problems.
We got fucking set up! Motherfuckers!
Fall back!
Shit.
Nice, Roger.
Pass him in the middle section.
Roger passes on the outside.
He's moved up.
He's closing in on the top ten.
Fuck!
-How's Roger doing?
-He's in 11th place.
He keeps going up…
Ninth place now! Fastest lap time today.
Roger moves up again
as he storms into the final straight!
He's in sixth place now.
Remarkable comeback drive by Roger.
Second place! She's the only one left.
Once again,
he sets the fastest lap time in the race.
Surrender!
We're surrounded.
It's gonna be a fierce battle for the win.
What an outstanding performance by Roger!
It's game over!
You're reaching her!
Keep it up, you're really close!
We give up!
Drop it!
All right!
Look! We're done!
Get the fuck down!
I surrender, look.
We're done.
Roger's hot on your tail!
Roger's back to fight for first place.
The Queen's standing her ground.
They're neck-and-neck
as they enter the final lap!
What a thrill!
Roger, on the last turn,
you gotta brake ahead of time.
Wait, what?
Slam those brakes early
and power through the apex
for a quick exit.
Bárbara, this is no time to take risks!
No, it's time to listen.
One, two, three…
Brake!
Wait…
Now!
Roger needs to make the pass
to become the champion!
He's navigating an unorthodox racing line.
Roger's takes his chances on the outside.
It's the final stretch of the race!
What an amazing end to this season!
Here they come for the checkered flag!
It's crunch time! Here comes Roger,
and here comes the Queen. Who'll win?
The checkered flag waves!
Magnificently done by Roger Mattos!
-He's the new BR Truck champion!
-Fuck yeah!
Call your carpenter…
Hell yeah, kiddo!
…and have him build you a bigger shelf,
'cause the title is yours, Roger Mattos!
-The BR Truck trophy…
-Good job, Bárbara.
-…belongs to you.
-Champion!
I told you!
I told y'all!
Didn't I tell you, Fox? I told you, man!
Thank you!
All thanks to this girl!
Thank you so much, sweetheart.
Yeah, I guess you did good.
-I did?
-You did.
You're the bee's knees.
Congratulations.
Thank you, everyone!
-We're kicking ass.
-Roger!
-Fuck!
-Bárbara, stay right here.
What the fuck is going on, god dammit?
It's over, Odilon.
-What's over? Your race? What the fuck?
-The jig is up, man.
-What--
-Afternoon, gentlemen.
-Excuse me.
-Holy shit.
-No party today. You're under arrest.
-What?
Conspiracy and possession of stolen goods.
What evidence do you have?
A witness account
that confirms your involvement.
What? Wait!
Do you know who you're talking to?
-I'm a friend of the Governor!
-Call him, then.
-Jordan, call my lawyer Freitas!
-I've got my eye on you.
-Jordan, call Freitas now!
-Take him in, c'mon.
Don't fucking touch me!
What about you, huh?
Don't make me handcuff you.
You coming peacefully?
Let's go.
Roger!
You have two minutes, man.
Are they really taking you in?
Yeah, Bárbara.
I have to pay for my mistakes.
But hey, once I do my time…
I'll start over the right way.
I'm sorry.
For everything.
Be safe, kiddo.
Let's go.
He did the right thing.
TWO YEARS LATER
WHATSOEVER A MAN SOWETH,
THAT SHALL HE ALSO REAP
Let's go.
Sure.
Thank you.
Bárbara?
I've missed you, kiddo.
Oh, sweetheart.
-You okay?
-Thought I'd come alone?
You did it?
I did.
And now it's official.
I have sole custody of her.
And don't you dare mess around again.
You won't get arrested a second time.
'Cause I'll kill you first. Understand?
Yeah.
-Hand me the keys, I wanna drive.
-Over my dead body!
Get in the passenger seat.
I only race with you
'cause we're in separate trucks.
Did you forget, by any chance,
that I won our last race?
You did, didn't you?
You won with stolen money.
How about doing it fair and square?
Now get in.